What does a guy who's a walking Max an hour in this video will be working at the affiliate product.
OK so let's just come here.
Let's just go to the dashboard right here and I can see that if I want to sell any of the product I'm
OK and that I do not on here.
But I wanted to just tell them just send them to their side and then get commissions like if Amazon
is a company OK how Amazon works is that Amazon has the affiliations.
OK.
And this means that if you just say just send the customers to Amazon with your link your specific link
then you are going to get a sale or you are going to get a commission.
So here should be it should be here OK.
This one become an affiliate.
OK you can just go here to affiliate program unturn person advertising fees with the trusted e-commerce
leader.
So how you can do you can join.
You can advertise it and then you can earn 10 percent of the commission from them.
OK so this is how this Amazon affiliate products were so let's suppose that I am now joined here.
I want to advertise here.
So what what I'm going to do I'm just going to go to Amazon right here.
And let's suppose that I need a hoodie.
OK.
And then what I'm going to do I'm just going to go to the array here.
I'm just going to church.
OK.
And then I basically want to get this one.
I want to pummel this one.
That's one let's just come here and here and this one I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to download this image first.
I'm just going to save it yes OK.
And then I'm going to come here and I'm going to save right now so you can see this I mean just right
here and I'm just going to go to dashboard.
I'm going to go to the products and then I'm going to go to I said that I can add an affiliate products.
How does affiliation work is that you have to send Amazon customers.
OK.
And then you'll get a share.
If someone buys the product from your keyword you will be getting a reference ID.
OK you just have to sign them them is sign up to Amazon and then you will get that.
So and then you have to add that.
So let's suppose that this is my favorite reference Heidi that RDF is equal to s underscore I sort of
underscore one underscore.
So if someone buys this product from this link.
Ok this specific link.
OK then it is going to download the cookie into the browser.
I hope you understand what I am saying.
OK.
Like if someone buys the product from this link this specific link there is a reference link and under
my ID.
Ok then I am going to get a share.
OK.
This is what I mean.
So let's just come here.
Let's just come here and let's just copy the link.
So let's suppose that this is my link.
I'm just going to go to a new product.
I'm going to copy the champions man Hootie.
OK.
So this is going to be champions man.
And then here I am going to just select the external affiliate product.
OK.
And then I have the product you are l.
And then I have the button deck so this is going to be like by now.
OK.
It's regular price is one 87.
OK so one eighty point eighteen point seventy two.
OK.
And everything is right here.
What I'm going to do right now I am just going to go down and here I want to add the description so
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to go down.
OK so they don't have the description let's just copy it.
Let's just come here to face it.
So this is a table that has been added right now.
OK.
I'm just going to go down
and let's copy all this based it.
OK.
So this is also coming here.
I just want to remove the linking so that no one goes to Amazon.
He should stay here into my say time is going to click here remove link remove link remove link.
All right.
So make sure that you remove all the links because you just want to send them to the customer.
OK.
So let's just come here and let's just remove this one.
Amazon best seller like OK.
Here everything is coming.
OK.
And now what I have to do I just need to upload the image.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to upload I'm going to drag and drop it right here so you can see this images here and now
I'm going to hit said product image so you can see this image right here.
I have the short description.
I can enter any of the short descriptions or I don't want to add this.
Let's add just one.
Now let's come here and let's select it to be like hoodie and this is the zipper hoodie so I'm going
to say like non-super hoodie and I'm going to hit publish right now so you can see this should be published.
Now let's have a look at our online shop.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
First this OK and here we go.
This is how it is looking.
We have champions men who.
Ok.
If someone clicks by now then he will be redirected to that Amazon page.
Let's just check it.
OK.
If someone clicks by now you can see it has taken us to the Amazon page.
And now here we have to buy the product and we have our I.D. in the reference.
That means that if someone buy it from this link and then he says like this one and I do.
And he just it add to cart and then he buys it.
Then I'm going to get a share and that will be nineteen point ninety nine which will be like $1.9 Filby
my share.
That will be added to my account.
This is how it works.
And if someone opens up this product today then he will be big into the product itself.
We have the description here.
We have everything.
And if someone clicks this right now then he will be taken to the Amazon.
So this is all the affiliate products work.
OK you can move on with affiliate products if you want to build an online full affiliate store you can
create it.
OK this is how you can make some money.
OK so you can create it you can create your online affiliate store if you want to.
So now we're totally done with everything.
We now have the basic understanding of all the products that how can we add any type of products we
have got every day.
OK.
So in the next video we will be working up and more will learn how to have that coupon work will understand
the home page religious design our home page.
And then if people it for the check out so that person how the person is going to check out at her website
and how we are going to ship our product so stadium guys and in the next video will be working up at
that.
Goodbye.